And that's an individual has to make every day as to what he's going to do to improve his body. Okay. And... The problem currently is solved. I self-study. Yeah. Or by classes, groups. Or by individual coaching. Um. The classes of... apps, which are currently available on the market, and I haven't done a thorough research yet, but, um, the last time I researched, this was a picture that it made emerged, and I have no reason to think that it's changed yet. There are apps for the individual. to track their own activities. But I have not seen any app that strongly supports the decision making process. There are also apps which are designed for fitness, business owners. to manage membership. Um, sign ups and to provide some measure of tracking. But the primary focus of those apps is for the business owner to control, manipulate, and own the data of the client. And therefore, they're not very satisfying to the user. They do perform a function of appointments and scheduling, of course, which is valuable. and justifies their cost. I have not seen any app, which enables an individual to... actually not quite true. I did see one personal trainer use an app to schedule training for his client. And for the client to be able to enter his own activities into that app. so that they could then have a conversation around that. That does exist. The... issue, again, that that creates is that the trainer was locking in the client. Trainers looking for claims or locking in claims. Locking in. Okay. Locking in. Locking in, in the sense. Walking. Okay, so the client can only talk to that trainer. Okay, there's not an app for the client to use for his own activities. Okay, okay. And it's not integrated with other tracking apps that the client may use for himself. Okay, so the truth the truth source is only trainer for the client. Right. So this is an app which is owned by the trainer. Yeah. And he creates a sub account for the client. But the client can only use it to, for the specific activity that that trainer is engaged in. Right. Yeah. I think the... So, if you and I work together, for example, you're gonna be resistant to anything that I do. which, um, means that you have to pay me money for everything that you do. Yeah. You're happy to give me money, you're happy to engage me. Yeah. But you also want to engage other trainers. Yeah. And you also want to go to a gym on your own, you want to travel to a different place and you're in a hotel and you can't follow the program, so you have to change the program. And there has to be a flexibility, which is centred around your needs. So currently the gap at the moment, when it's simplest form, is that the apps which exist, which are... designed for an individual to track their own activities. On the one hand, though... But we don't train us without, yeah. There's no way to communicate, Churchill. Yeah, designed for it because I've seen a couple of So the user cannot delegate to a trainer to review my training, give me some suggestions, give me programming. The other thing that doesn't exist is that, um, there's a big trend at the moment for people to download generalised training plans. Yeah. These are e books, these are YouTubes. They are unsupervised. Yeah. The spreadsheets basically have a set of activities, which are generic and they don't apply to the individual. Nonetheless, they're very popular. Generalisation is the very key problem for the fitness, I see. It's a huge problem. However, it's not bad, but it should be possible to download one of these apps and to load it into my own self-training plan. Yeah. If I was going to be very sophisticated, I might want to answer the question, how does this compare to what I've been doing? How does this compare to the plan that I currently have? Can I study the difference and learn from it? Or can I simply adopt it in its entirety? And I'm now going high end here, so this would be several alliterations of development down the track. But at the simplest level, An individual wants to commit to a plan, and then, on a day by day basis, wants to be able to change the plan, either through the guidance of a coach, because he's injured or a physiotherapist says, You can't do this, therefore, you have to do that. The reality of, of, um, historical data of the fitness is not for... I have even come to that. No, no, but I'm saying about, for example, that if you're saying about Farsi, for example, right, I'm I'll be doing 4 cardio, right? I'll be also seeing the physio guys. And sometimes I also need to go for my sports coach, right? But every trainer is different, right? So then they don't have the single source of like a historical. They don't have an overfit. Yeah, yeah. So if you're doing tennis or running, how can I align my strength coaching with activities? Exactly. Yeah, yeah. There are some very simple low hanging fruits, which I haven't, again, have not yet seen. Um Which is, as a trainer, when I'm working with a client, what I have to keep checking in my notes, and I'm one of the few trainers that actually keep a log. Um, I'm constantly checking what was the previous heaviest uh, load that the client did of that specific movement. So I have a mental map in my mind of muscle groups and what we did last time, which of the muscle groups, which have had recent attention. All we can do is say, like, a client's previous, lock-in, or trans previous breaking, breakout or something. Is there any? I need to know the one RF. Okay. One, the one red max. One rep. Okay, there is a well-established calculator online, which is available. It's called strength strength level.com. Okay. which you can use to go from a 5 RM or a 2 RM and to deduce what the one RM is. But the entire training is centred around one RM for each movement. One where I'm walking. So, for me to decide how much weight to give you. But there is a certain limits there, right? They can be able to reach only the things, right? For example, I can load up to like for a 80, 80 KG guy, I can load up to like 250 KG. Thats the maximum. That has my mind. Assumptions, right? I can assume like 250 KG if I go for a proper training amount. So if, see, it's not like a human, what's the human capability, right? It should be like. It's huge. It's huge, it's huge. Okay, human capability is very huge. You can increase your strength for 40 years. I'm not kidding. 40? You can continue increasing your strength for 40 years. Okay. Even if I start from 35. Yeah. It's still, like, scientific, can increase the strength. Okay, but okay, there may be other constraints. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But in terms of the body's limitations... The only limitation is that you currently have a certain amount of muscle mass, and you currently have a certain amount of neurological connection. Is that Exactly, yeah. So the and so the amount that you can do is a small percentage increase of the previous maximum that you did. We need to know whether you did that a week ago, two weeks ago, five weeks ago, six months ago. We need to know, what was your previous max and when did you do it? Fitness parameters. It's a live tracking of your current performance. Okay. Performance my performance monitoring or something. Performance tracking. All the schedule goes by your performance. Okay. KPIs or... It's not even a KPI. It's a progressive overload. Okay. Oh, actually, right, I don't know the technical terms, that's a reason like that. It's a crowd. I can do some to you. Yeah, sure, thank you. So there's 2 variables as a trainer, which I don't see reflected in... apps which are currently available. One of them is what is the client's current strength in each move? Current strength in each move, okay? Okay, testing that strength and each moves. How strong is each muscle, basically? Each moves, um, testing corresponding muscles. Right. The other variable, which is important to take into account, is current state of recovery and fatigue. Okay, okay, one is about pushing and perform. Okay, recovery, okay. Okay, recovery? No, there is a... I have seen one app, which has a very rudimentary way, to monitor the client's recovery. And he's an innovator, given full credit for it. Okay, what's this point? But I think we can do better. What's the recovery monitoring app name? It's called Renaissance periodisation. Renaissance. It's the RP hypertrophy app. Preodexation, okay. Periodisation. Is that an app in Android store or something? Yeah, you can, it's out. This is like one or them, right? One, like, the strength for each moose and testing corresponding? Yeah, we just call it one RA. Yeah. One hour. Okay, look, you call this one or what, is there any app for that? I have not found any app, which makes it easy to extract the one RM from current performance data. Computer shown, like... Okay. So... that's where? Yeah. Right. Um, now, as we get older, recovery gets more and more important. Yeah, and the RP hypertrophy app is the only app that I've seen, which makes an attempt to incorporate that into the programming. to make adjustments live online. Okay? But, so there is an opportunity for some innovation, and there's a pain point there. literally, which is how to, um, model and optimise. Um, training to avoid over training. Okay, I mean, that's the good way, like, training to avoid over training. Because... I've seen problems. This is a global problem, right? Yeah. The reasons why... Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because unaddressed at this point. Even like the sports person, right, who does like a lot of badminton, right? They'll have, like, after 2 to 3 years of very aggressive backminton, right, they start to have the leg pain. Yeah, and they'll, they have like some kind of a knee, knee, or there is going to like, how to say, like, the knee doesn't have a proper gel there. So it could get reduced because they use the things very long, high, I don't know. Well, it's not thankful it's not typical in strength training. Okay. But I was talking to a running coach the other day, and he told me that at any given moment, 50% of recreational runners have a running injury. Okay, what does it mean in Cibratum? What that means is that if you have a bunch of runners, half of them are currently injured. Okay. Okay, okay. That's kind of okay. It's scary. Yeah, off of them are currently dealing with an injury, which prevents them from running to the capacity that they want to. Yeah. But the good coaches, right? We're talking about pain points. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A good coach should be able to avoid that, whether it's an in-person code. Not just like, or whether we can gradually incorporate algorithmic solutions, which make the human coach's job easier, or AI coaching, which makes the human coaching easier. I see this as what I like about this project, is that it's... The pain point is rooted in human physiology. So there is no amount of AI, which is ever going to take away the paint parts. Yeah. Because it's rooted in human physiology. It always needs humans to fix that. It needs intelligence, whether it's a human intelligence or an artificial intelligence, the boundary is going to move over time. I can tell you now, AI is not even close to solving this problem. There are people who take their training logs and they upload them into AI, chat DPT, or clod or something, and they get an answer back. It's probably better than their best guess. But it's nowhere close to what a trainer would do. I could truly get that. It has all of the same issues, I've been too generic, of being, um, probably too optimistic, not taking into account individual circumstances and limitations, and biology, and of them, and genetic talent, and lack of talent. But it's still. You're saying this right, all these things are catering and tailoring according to the high net with individuals, initially. No, we want to democratise this. Okay, because, like, if you say anyone, anyone can afford to hire a... Well, I get that what you're saying. But the pilot pilot uses right there. The pilot uses has got to be high networks. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what. Right. Yeah. Okay, let me add one other thing. There is a guy who, um, he's a property developer. Okay. And he likes to work out. So he created a gym in one of his commercial properties. And in order to fill the gym, he created an app, which enables personal trainers to advertise their services, and to book the space and pay for it, and the client pays the trainer through his app. So, but again, that's another app, which is trying to control the clients. I, I, I believe, right? I know this guy. There is a pain point here, initially, just for one trainer to talk to one client, and for the trainer to be able to do a better job, because he's got better data. Right? Now, one of my clients. One trainer or one trainer from the same domain or from the same service or one trainer from different different services. For example, right, John is doing the strength training and for example, Ahmed is, I'm going for, you are my coach for this month, right? I'm transferring to some other one, right? Or it's like, uh, yeah. And the next coach that you talk to has no idea what you did with me. Yeah. And you don't know how to describe that because you don't have the vocabulary or the professional insight. Yeah. Right? So there's a friction, which is good for the trainer. Yeah. But it's not good for the client. Yeah, right? Now, I believe that the bigger picture is better for everybody. Right? Yeah. I think if we can incorporate into this, an element of trainers advertising their services, and getting rating from their clients. You can give me five stars, and you can say you leave testimonials, so that... God, I think someone else who happens to be using it, and they're a member of 24/7, they don't want to use a trainer, they don't care. They just want to train themselves, and they download a training program from YouTube, and they upload it, and they follow it, but then they get stuck or injured, and then they go into the app and say, oh, here's a guy. He worked with this, he's got these testimonials. He consoled my problem. Maybe they only do three, five sessions. I get it, right? But the trainers can then start to be experts in solving specific challenges. And build a brand, a reputation around being good at training a niche. I think this is a way to organise. All entrepreneurialism is ultimately around organising a disorganised market. Exactly, yeah. I want to take away friction. I don't care who profits are. I don't care who is in control. Ultimately, I believe, the customer should be in control. And ultimately, I think, removing friction from the market. to make it easier for customers to get the answers that they need. Yeah. And then, to some extent, it's the trainer who is the customer, but to some extent, it's also the, it's primarily the person whose body we're trying to maintain is the customer. Okay, incorporating more of the intelligence. My customers should know these things. Okay. So, one of the, once, once you've got that root into the human physiology, you can add in more and more layers of intelligence, and more and more layers of education, and more and more or less tracking, to integrate into a single reference. Everything that matters to you about your body. Okay, so if you say about, like, a human body wellness right, who are the actual stakeholders will be involved in this? See, if you ask me, right, fitness right from fitness coach? Fitness coach and a sports coach and dieticians, dieticians, and if you say about CCO guys. So medical. Medical? Yeah, medical, yeah. Yeah, yeah, medical. And here's the thing. One of the things I have to do as a trainer is I've got a screening questionnaire. Yeah. So that's what, like, assessment for individuals or screening. And if my client reports that he has a heart condition. Okay. Or if he tells me that he recently had a hip hop operation. Okay. Or a historic rugby injury, breaking his ACL, or, you know, We then have to go through a process of getting a medical sign off. It's kind of a body maintenance report. Right. Well, what you then have to do is consult a professional, who will sign off on the risk. Yeah. Right? So, I'm not gonna use his name, but the guy that you referred to me, we're communicating with his cardiologist. Okay. Oh, that's... right? AJ, I can't overstress his body without... Kind of a cross functional... Correct. Yeah, it's a multidisciplinary approach, yeah, to serving the client. Again, pain point, that doesn't exist today in the market. Okay. All right, it's like having a medical record, which is not a medical record, but it's a database of constraints. Okay. Which can be accessed by the full team of professionals, of care professionals, the care team, coaching and care team. Okay, ultimately, if you go and have a massage, that should be logged, because it will change the trajectory. Because these kind of applications, right? Even like the big 4 the Facebook or Google, they can't even like integrate within the existing features. So one of the things, right, once we got into this kind of a technical ecosystem, right? We always validate, right? For example, we are developing this, right? Why don't Android have its own feature of this, what we're developing right now? So if we think about the like, but this system is right, it's not replay possible. Anyway, it always needs only a 3rd party could be able to create this kind of a system like you. I'm saying about like a... It needs the inside. For example, Apple may come up with this product, right? But the thing is like, Apple can't able to directly involve in this product. See, for example, we are we are doing the design thinking right now, right? And we are doing the anti-brainstorming, right? But why cannot Apple do this? Look. If we wait long enough, they will. Yeah. Okay. Look at the evolution of operating systems. Yeah. PC operating systems. You started with machine code. Yeah. Then you had... fitness operating systems. DOS. yeah All right. Yeah. At the time that IBM purchased Microsoft Dolls, there was a much better system. called CPS. CPM was a true multitasking operating system. on a microcomputer. Okay. But instead of that, because of, uh, because the founders of CPM chose to go on holiday for the weekend rather than present the productive IBM. They missed out on the IBM contract. IBM was required to purchase to work with IBM lost an antitrust lawsuit. So they had to divest the software business. Okay. Right. So, Bill Gates basically whipped together a system which worked in 640k of code. Okay. Right? Well, we spent the next 20 years limited to operating systems, which were bound by 640K of code. Whereas if the guys who'd ridden the multitasking operating system had been awake, we could have had a multitasking operating system 20 years previously. Yeah. Right? It's only now, like, 30 years later, that Apple finally comes up with a true mortal tasking operating system. Microsoft is still not multitasking. From the first year. Right? So could they do it? Yes. No. It will happen sometime. But it's not easily. not easily. What it needs is the insights on the user needs. We say like a technical moat, right? Technical mode. Yeah, the technical mode. That's what I'm saying. We have a lot, this system, right? It has a lot of technical mode. As you were saying. Because it's not like I'm saying about the competitors, is that easily replicatable by the competitors? That's what, that's the thing. But when I see this right, it's not easily replicated, replicatable as per my understanding, because it needs a lot of a trainer in there in the application, and not a technology kind. at this time, the barrier to entry is small. Yeah. But it's not attractive. Yeah. Because all of the big money is going around watches and big markets. Right? Yeah, we're Apple Watch, and Garmin, and Hume Band is the big one that's being advertised at the moment. Human, okay. Hume, H-O-H-U-M-E. Okay, Hume, yeah. You see advertising for it everywhere. So there are physiological tracking devices, and there is a consolidation of data. So Apple has Apple Health, and Garmin has gone in help. Google has Google House, right? And government has its own tracking data. Yeah, how about that? You have an interesting dichotomy between garmin and strava. Okay. Which we couldn't explore more detailed. The. The point that... I like to look at Carmen as a case study. Because they were the first people to make, um... a handheld sports tracking device. And the background was in GPS. It was in, um, aviation grade GPS. Okay, E. Right. So they made GPS for aircraft and for, um... maritime shipping. They then branched into recreational shipping, into a watch then. Yeah. They then branched into a handheld thing, which looked like a, like an Okia cell phone, an Okia cell phone, which was a hiking GPS. Okay. Okay, so they're going down market, increasing volume. And then, the iPhone came out, and overnight, the market disappeared. Because anyone who wanted a cell phone already had a GPS. So, they looked at this problem, the technological mode. And they decided that because of their GPS mastery, they had a technological edge in outdoor activities. And what are the two biggest outdoor activities they're running and they're cyclic? And they decided to become experts in running and cycling. Now, what they have done could be copied, but they have a 25 year lead on it. Because they truly understand the needs of the youth. And there are many, many irritators. There's choros, there's, you know, Apple has, to all intensive purposes, unlimited lecture. Very created the Apple Watch, and they created the ecosystem, which mobilises an army of app developers. But the Apple Watch doesn't come close to what Gan does. Because they don't have the focus on the user needs. Every single person who writes an app is trying to sell an app. Nobody is looking at the user and say, what does the user actually mean? I got that. All right. So the pain point here is that it's a fragmented market. There's lots of different apps you could use for tracking your workouts. There's lots of apps you can use for tracking or running. None of them does other things. Ultimately, it can be, like, any age people's right. I'm saying about 20 guys, or 16 guys, or even a 50 or 60 or above a right. The ultimate goal is to be, I see like, to be... Affiliate, and fit, and fit, a very, like, very healthy, right? So, That's a scenario, right? Like, I don't think so right now. See, come on, right? If I go for running, will I be healthy? If I, if, if, if, without having a proper foods and nights, uh, proper night sleeps, just going with the running, running, right? I will not be healthy for sure. So that's the key thing, right? I can see, I can see the like a very sweet spot or very niche space, right, what you were saying there. Because all the applications is right. It just collects data into some kind of recommendations. Right? But the, as an individual, right, I see some kind of a personal mentor on health all the time. Mm-hmm. Yes. So, if All the suggestions, what you're saying, is enough the rates, making my... not just business, fitness. I'm taking my, my physical body, mentoring, or making my, maintaining it. So, to that, right, I need a medical doctor, to do that, to that, right? I need a office for that, right? I need a fitness coach. So, Why don't we have an LLLM4 LLM4 unhealth? Or your physical body. It can be anyone. who doesn't even, like, have a proper body also. Right? I'm saying about, I don't have legs, okay? But the thing is like, yeah, yeah, it's too like, I can have my private LLM, or like, okay, I'm saying about, it's not about language model. I'm saying about local health model. Or private health model. A data driven, things can be done. Because if we have this core model, the rest of the things can be constructed around the model. For example, right, okay, I'm saying about like GPT for health. It's not GPS. saying I'm not saying about deploying GPT to the health. I'm saying about creating the GPT kind of things for health. A model, a data model, or a recommendation, right? Which can even interact with the real word scenarios with integrated hardware. Wearables, and embodied, embodied ticks. Let me try that around. We will probably, the world will be there within five years. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. But the intelligence has not yet consolidated. Yeah. The pain point of... which creates a competitive advantage, is to anticipate the records... which the planning and coaching PHM is going to rely on. which currently doesn't exist. Garbage and garbage out. Okay, all right. So the opportunity here is to start, to create a system. which is a series of inputs and outputs. Yeah? Which collects high quality data. about a person's current health status. health and physical stages. Okay. Right. That can then be reviewed by a personal trainer, or an LLM, or a team, or, right? But capturing the data is the 1st and most important stuff. Yeah. Right? So there's 2 levels. We need to anticipate a level of complexity and sophistication. which is currently not justified. But we can predict will be necessary in future, because that's how complex the body is. Yeah. Ultimately, if you start to go into nutrition, it's an unsolved problem. Yet. Maybe AI will solve it. But the data on that needs to be captured about an individual. is knowable today. Yeah, because if we touch the health sector, we have, like, miles, we have, like, it's not just miles, it has, like, a universe to achieve, because a lot of things is still unexplored. That's what I'm saying. It's an emerging landscape. Yeah. It's an emerging landscape, and approaching anything to do with health or fitness, from an attitude that it's a defined problem, is a recipe for failure. What we have to do instead is to... build architecture. which is founded on what we do already know about the body. And then to layer on top of it, a level of flexibility and uncertainty. for the emerging block areas. But there are certain things which, architecturally, we can rely on, because they have been known for hundreds of years, and they've existed for millions of years. So muscles, um... The energy systems of the body, the cardiovascular systems, all of that is well defined. I know that. It's sufficiently stable to build a foundation on. We can predict that anything that is invented in the future is going to depend on good quality data. On muscular activation, on cardiovascular excavation, on... current... capability. and recent history. So all future decision making about a human beings, activity, for self care. We can confidently predict, has to be extrapolated from current and recent history. And certainly definable metrics. Muscular systems are universal. Respiratory systems are universal. Not just in human beings, but in all life. Yeah. So we can confidently predict that they will continue to be important in 100 years' time. At least. I agree. So, we'll have, like, one more round of sessions on this, like, I like to think, maybe right, I will put some deep drive thoughts into those. Well, you want to validate my perception from a couple of different, from an ignorant perspective, and I'm not, that's not a judgement. It's just you don't know what I know. But validate my claims. Yeah. to see if they hold up to scrutiny and research. I got it, I got it, I got it. I got it, I got it. Maybe I'm an idiot. Maybe I've missed... No, no, no, no, no, no. But together, we can look at it from different directions. You go there, right? You also come from a technology background, right? None of the product, we can't able to build it from the day one. It's an increment and an iterative approach. So just where we are starting is the key thing. If that's a question, right? Then get the start point, right? Yeah, we can create a prototype. Yeah, which is useful. Yeah. But then is the foundation for growth? Exactly. If you're saying about the prototype, right, the data capturing sources that need to be created. So if you see like the basic data is capturing sources, We can get it from the computer vision, which is like not within the body, outside of the body, we can have a camera and roller coaster editions all that. Yeah, but we don't need to. As a 1st pass, it's just a manual entry. Yeah, yeah. Because anything doesn't work with computer vision will also work with a manual entry. I get it. I get that. So give me the manual, give me a template of manual entry, sheets, or what you are planning. Well, for strength, for muscular development, the elementally measures which are required are weight. Wait. Reps and sets. Mage, reps, answers. And one more, reps in reserve. RIR, R-P-E, R-P-E. Yeah, I would find that, actually. Okay. Relative procedure. Okay sure. Now, there's a similar set of variables also for cardiac function. So, cardio, cardio basically. Okay, same with the similar. What's the thing? Intensity, duration, density, intensity. Intensity hotel. Duration. Duration? Yeah. And... sets. Sex. Is there any kind of a hitch and ice who will be helpful for us for the imshir days of... Sorry, any sort of any H&Is? I'm saying about, is there any other? Okay, we want some real-time persona, because I don't think so. I'll be the right persona to have all of these things. I'm saying about persona, right? True. Huh? I'm not with you, so, no, no, I'm asking, I, we need one client of yours, or we want to start practising with your one client because I don't think so, right? I'm eligible for all of this, you know. I can roleplay being a client. Wait. I need to track my own data. Yeah. That's great. That great. That great. That's great, yeah. Yeah, I get pissed off. not going to use it. So the person is going to be John, the persona is going to be... I want to come up with something that I can give to you and say, yeah, yeah, this is it. Yeah, maybe. Because we need to test our medicines. Because you are not, you are not eating the toxics. They are just like, right, we are, we are just like creating some kind of a value or something. what we are doing is not destrictive, right? We can try for ourselves. Okay. So this is my question, right? How you do the assessment for the training? See, I always see the DNA based analysis is the key thing for any Even like I'm, I'm suggesting like I came up with a matchmaking recommendment for matchmaking app recommendment. I say, like, try to integrate a DNA based matchmaking. That's the key thing because that's where, like, we can do a lot with the data, and we can still make it very iterative, and those data are, like, very, uh, useful for human intelligence and humans evolution from that. And it can be for anything, right? But why don't we have like, for example, variety, is there any kind of, I'm saying for circle DNA or any kind of a day and DNA testings, right, or health testings, right? We can go for this kind of a health training zone, which can, what kind of training by body fates, or what kind of perversion, 15.6 in 5 years time, maybe? Yeah, there's no understanding of how DNA translates into physical today. Okay, okay. So there is no... Okay. Well, what we do know is that every human being is individual, but we don't need to understand the link to DNA, because we just measure the individual. Yeah, right? The individual is the manifestation of the DND. Yeah, I get that. Because I am saying about DNA since, like, um, the injuries and those things, right? Like, sometimes I see there is a connection between this. It exists, but that's manifested in the history. Yeah. Right, yeah. If somebody has a, it shows up that they get injured, it shows up that the, what their progression is, it shows up what the, um, well, the performance testing shows. So somebody has a natural talent for running, that'll show up in the running data. If somebody has a natural talent for lifting, it'll show up in the lifting data. I don't think we have to. Go for DNA levels. It's all superficial. Okay. We're looking for the actual manifestation of the performance. That is the result that we're looking for. Now, in future, can we anticipate that one day that'll be part of the input? Yeah. But it's not a mission critical comparison. I'm gonna get that mission critical component is what is the body today? We know what the DNA is, because it's made this. Yeah. So, you have, like, a client intake form, right? Right. So how you're doing this form right now? Is it a, I believe that you already sent me that. Yeah, it's a period. Yeah, yeah. Just a basic form. Okay. Okay, let's start with this forms, because that's the key thing, right? What are you sending it to? Let's start with this form. You send me the client you take form again, like in WhatsApp. Yeah, yeah, I can do that. Yeah, even, like, it's not about, like, uh, electronic pressure. Yeah, electronic brush. And from that, right? Because that there's the data is getting started of the client. Clientatic form. Or the data, the it starts from your consultation or it starts from your, okay, okay, I'll go there, go there. It encapsulates the problem that we're trying to solve here. Because I gave you the PARQ, and you fill it in, and then you work with me. Yeah, right. Then you go to a running coach, he gives you the same form. But you've already filled it in, and you gave it to me. Yeah. And he doesn't have it. No. Right? That encapsulates the issue that we're trying to solve here. Which is that whatever you do with me, you should own the data instead of me. Yeah. All right, at this time, I own the data. That's what I'm keeping a log of all of your activity. But you don't have that. But I need, I need to have my, like, a... It's kind of a, how Hong Kong ID or HK ID, right? We need to have our very own health ID, if me, my solo. The central pain point of this is who owns the data. If you want to understand this, and some realise it in a single sentence, it's who owns the data. The client. Correct, but at this time, they don't. Yeah, but we want to push it for them because that's the that's the major problem, right? I can see that is your problem. Because everyone, we don't want to, okay, I truly get that right, but what you're saying. That's the reason I also want to, if I want to have my data, I need the data. Correct. You can have the references, or you can see the data, what I can get into that. But that's about the high net worth individuals will start already looking like. You have one client, highly conscious. I have one client who tracks his own bit. Right? So he has a garment when he's lifting, his timing, his reps, and his weights and everything. And at the end of the session, he takes a photograph of the log that I make. So he's tracking his own date. solving this problem. Okay. But it's in a manual way with duplication and... no useability. I have some cool devices, but I will say that future. It's not right now. This is not about devices. No, no, I know, this is... I'm saying... data capturing. saying about, I am saying about, like, the data capturing, right? Because that needs to be simplified because one of the issues is I use a piece of paper. because I haven't found yet, we need to innovate how to capture the functional data. You have seen, like, the H Kong Police Department, right? They always used to have a camera on their body, right? Like, what's the use to that? And we can, we can create some AA model to train the data and we can create as the AM model to find the, how much reps your client is doing or. Again, I was like, my devices don't go down that rabbit hole because other people with huge budgets are already doing it. Right? Yeah. Every few months, I see a new advert on social media saying, Here's a camera. You can put it next to your squats. Yeah. And it'll count your reps, and here's a device which will track your... I don't know, you've got gym raps or pull-ups or something. So people are working on that. We just have to plug them in down later. Yeah, exactly. That's what I'm saying. What's not being solved is who owns the data. Okay, that's the key software spot. Softer side. Ultimately, you'll be able to do gateways and integration and all sorts of things. Right? And you can have an app which scans my handwriting scribble, and it automatically uploads it. But who owns the data? The data belongs to the person whose body head is. Yeah, we need to have victory on this unblock chain. which is highly secure. The data transmission data. Yeah, security access control, you have to think about how what data is logged, and which parts of the data are available for the doctor, which parts are available for the running coach, which parts are available for family and friends. So, there needs to be some thought around privacy and access control. But ultimately, it's about how do you collect the data and how do you share it with strategic partners? I know this guy called Kyokam, who is the founder of his body place, okay? So mostly 1045. Okay, okay. For 5 minutes. This guy, right, he puts some kind of devices, which is, like, his name is, uh, Fai Bagardia. But I'll send you this, right? The queue can. No, no, I already sent you this. Did you? Okay. Sorry. Yeah, you've seen each other. Yeah, sorry. Yeah, yeah. So, but the thing is, right, like, It's not like this. I'm saying about the data capturing, right? If we have this, we can have some like AC data assets there or just like put just your phone to find your, what, how many reps you are doing, how many things you are doing. Even like with the mobile app, we can do the data sources there, and the data will be stored within the client itself. But the problem is not the data capture. The problem is that the data curation and sharing. Yeah, I don't care if it's manually entered. Yeah. I get that. All right. Video. Video intake is video upload is one of the key data, right, where we can easily unlock. course. Yeah. For online coaching, it's a future function. It's a layered function. Yeah. Right? You want to be able to video yourself doing squats. Yeah. Dead lifts. And your coach may be live or asynchronous, we can review your video and give you some coaching and advice. And then you change your programming. But the essence is that sharing. The capture is multimodal. Private data, private data, or... Okay, access control. Yeah. That's huge. That's a key thing. That's huge. Okay. Okay, an automated, automated, uh... Automated sharings or automated those things order. Automatically, like, for example, like for the fitness course, coach, he just needs to provide what's the fitness course needs. For the doctor, he needs to showcase like whatever the things needs. But, I see this as an, the entry product, as in, the ideal person is more than 30 plus years. Even I know a lot of, even like the Gen Z's and the, even the rest of the guys, like the 20s or even 15s, they ordered doing that. But the majority of the use of bases from about 30 plus years. And even I can say like 40 plus years is the key areas, right? Where they are involving in this kind of things. What you what's your idea about that? Because Overall, overall, I know the needs are different. Yeah. A young person will be more comfortable with a generic plant, because his body's more resilient, so it's more the issues don't show up. The issues of personalisation don't show up until... 45, 55. Yeah, and also the end-personals will not maintain the data. That much. Unless... depends on, no, there's lots of personality things. Young people, data or detail oriented or not. That's... Okay, it's not really an age thing. It's about, it's more about, um, personal goals. The reason 40 50 60 starts to be important is that for the body, resistance training starts to be important. Mucky, right? Again, we come back to the fundamental physiology, which is the underlying issue. The body starts to deteriorate, and it needs maintenance. The only reason a 20 or 30 year old needs to work out is if he has physical goals and wants to compete. Yeah, exactly. Right? Yeah. For health, he doesn't need you. Right? Past 45, it's time to wake up and start working out. The point at which somebody, an individual person, begins to want to do this, is individual. But what we can be sure of is that there's a growing population from about 4045, where people wake up, and if it's easy for them to do it, they would start to adopt. Okay, then. So, we also need to have, like, the healthcare checkups, the periodical healthcare, um, just, that needs to be also need to be managed by the individuals also, right? Because, for example, right, I need after 35, right, I need to check test my sugars, I regularly. I need to regularly test my yearly once or twice, right? I need to go for a proper master health checkup after 35. So if we have those kind of things also, right, is that is that will benefit the fitness course? I believe that those are interconnected. It's the opposite direction. Okay? The fitness girls solve the health problems. The health problems don't solve the 50 strokes. Okay. It's backwards. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. I get that. Okay. Everybody talks about pre diabetes and menopause and osteoporosis and... Vitamin problems? With cardiovascular, right? They are all solved by having improved muscular and cardiovascular function. Yeah, the solution is the fitness. Yeah, right? If you can reduce somebody's fitness age, they don't have the age related problems. Oh, yes, well... That's great. That's great. Because, like, I have a, like, I have a really, I'm just turning on this. Right? So the tide of adoption is in our favour. The more health problems people have, the more they need this.. But that health tracking, you don't need it. There are some opportunities there for future development. It's not a core function. It's not a prototype function. You have to understand that the emergence of age related medical conditions is a symptom of... degeneration. that the degeneration is mitigated by properly structured working out. All right. Why is it that grip strength is a predictor of lifespan? Right? It's because the only way you have a strong grip is if a whole body's strong. But you can take that single measure and predict how long someone will live. Why is it that thy diamonds? I mean, when people are doing elderly care, they've got all of these medical measures and stuff, what do they do? They measure the thigh diameter, sir, and they've got a really good predictor of how long somebody will live. So you can do that with an elderly person. You don't have to put them on a stairs, stepper, or have them do a VO2 max or anything. You just measure their thigh damage, and you know how long they'll live. All of that medical stuff is an emergent phenomenon, of a lack of care. That was a huge amount of money to be made for medical care, so nobody cares about the fundamental problem, but this is the fundamental problem. Yeah, this is fundamental. prepare point. This is pandom model. Yeah, as you wait. If they are very clear with the right, who grows the data? Who owns the problem? The person who owns the problem is the individual. And if you can give them the tools that they need to make better decisions, they can communicate with their healthcare providers better. But that's all down the line. Okay. So... I'm getting more and more deeper into it, getting their things. To start with right, let's create a data capturing app from the data capturing, but as a fitness goal, okay, it's connecting data capturing on the fitness trainer first. That's the key 1st thing. I know there are a lot of plenty of apps available. There were plenty of apps available in market, but the thing is like, let's start with this. The parent point is the direction needs to be owned by the client and shared with coaches and physical care. Yeah, physios and physical care. Physical care professionals. Okay, yeah. So that's the key thing. Because if we go this, right, everything, right, definitely I, we need, we already need to involve in a PhD on this. That's why I see that. You already there. I think so. Things like, yeah, that's this is like PhD level of information. doctorate level of information, what you're saying. Exactly. Yep. Okay. I'm gonna have to go. Oh, let's wrap it up. Okay. Oh, that's fine. Final question, we can continue. Any other wrap up or something? No, actually, I need to, I need my, I need my... You have to sleep on this. No, yeah, I need me time. Yeah, I need my, I need the time to go. Yeah. digest and everything quite a concentrated on. Yeah. Because like this is like a, but if we crack this nutshell, that's a huge money is behind this. That's what I'm saying then. Short term, no, but ultimately, it's such a fundamental thing. It's like Facebook was built on relationships. Google was built on data search, and it's a fundamental dimension of human existence. So if you capture it and you get good at it, then you can defend all sorts of competition. Exactly. Okay, so, um, you say, like, one day rate reps sets an RT for muscular development, intensity, duration, and sets just for the cardio. Is there the? Yeah. So, can I see any of the kind of a demo data, how you have that right now? Or of yours or someone else or? I'm gonna have to come back to it, but... You won't mind me sharing, this is Anthony, right? Bench press, sets. Okay. That's his workout. Okay. Well, I need... Okay, I'm stopping this recording right now.